well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
leadership we're going to talk about
taking initiative we're going to talk
about passing the buck and accepting
responsibility
we're going to talk about all those
things that leaders are supposed to do
by default
or supposed to avoid by default
we're going to do this because we've hit
that point in american politics where
those at the highest level
refuse to accept responsibility for
anything refuse
to take initiative to do their jobs the
very things they were sent there to do
there was an interview here in florida
with the governor here
desantis and he was asked about the
unemployment problem
we're having the program here is just
a disaster
when he was asked about it he did what
politicians do he deflected
he said it was somebody else's fault
didn't have to take responsibility for
it and all that stuff the only thing
that was surprising was that he threw a
fellow republican
rick scott under the bus and basically
said it looked as though the system was
designed to deny as many claims as
possible and to throw up so many
roadblocks
that people just gave up gave up
on getting the money that they were
entitled to now let me stop here and
explain in florida to get unemployment
you have to have been working and then
fired or greatly reduced in hours
through no fault of your own this is not
a
lazy entitlement program or anything
like that so just
save that for somewhere else
so he goes through and he lays out why
it's not his fault
why somebody else was responsible for it
throws
another republican under the bus and
then he gets asked why he
didn't fix it and he said because nobody
had asked him to
it's a statement that just boggles my
mind i'm fairly certain that when the
people of florida sent him
to tallahassee that was them asking
him to they were asking him to look out
for his interest
i don't know who he thinks should have
told him
to fix a basic function of government
lobbyists
the president accepting more marching
orders from trump
i don't know who should have asked him
it was his responsibility to fix it but
he needed somebody to tell him to do his
job
they're at the point where they don't
even feel like they need to display any
initiative
they're admitting they're just puppets
of a lobbyist and government
functionaries
it's it's surprising and it's not
we all knew that this is how it is i
think on some level everybody knew that
but they at least pretended before
they've gotten to that point
where the ruling class in this country
that political class they feel so
entitled to those positions so entitled
to rule over their lessers
that they don't even feel they need to
pretend
that they're looking out for the little
guy
governor desantis had the means
therefore he had the responsibility he
had the responsibility to act
because he could
it's very fair to point fingers at
desantis
and at scott they both failed it's fair
we just need to remember that we're now
painfully aware
of how how inept
how incompetent our government
is it makes
us looking out for each other that much
more important
rule 303 if you have the means you have
the responsibility to act
they're not going to help this is
probably the time
to set up your little community network
get your group of friends together and
make that
that open statement you know really
commit to the cause
of mutual aid of you guys helping each
other out
of you taking that step and saying it
out loud
we're going to look out for each other
we're going to look out for our
communities
because it's very clear the ruling class
in this country isn't going to do it
you know sometimes there's justice and
sometimes there's just us
right now it's just us we need to
remember that more than ever as the
country descends
into this mess
that has been created by electing these
people who feel entitled
these lazy entitled people
they don't have to do their job they
don't even have to pretend that they're
doing their job
well nobody told me i needed to do that
if you were a cashier and somebody
walked up to check out
and you just stood there and you told
your boss well they never
said that they wanted me to ring them up
what would happen
same thing should probably happen here
that person probably shouldn't have a
job anymore
they are so entitled
they feel so far above the rest of us
that they don't even need to pretend
they're looking out for their
constituents anymore
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day